[RHACS] ROX-11587:  Document additional example when an edge to internal entities appears on the Network Graph (#78876)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-graph-20-view.adoc

* A deployment communicating with the orchestrator API
* A deployment communicating using a networking CNI plugin, for example, Calico
* A restart of Sensor, resulting in a reset of the mapping of IP addresses to past deployments, for example, when Sensor does not recognize the IP addresses of past entities or past IP addresses of existing entities

> * A connection that involves an entity not managed by the orchestrator (in some cases, that may be seen as _outside of the cluster_) but using an IP address from the private address space as defined in RFC1918

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A connection that involves an entity not managed by the orchestrator (in some cases, that might be seen as _outside of the cluster_) but is using an IP address from the private address space as defined in RFC 1918
```
